com/example/face2face/network/ApiClient.java
 com.example.face2face.network.ApiClient
com/example/face2face/utilities/Constants.java
 com.example.face2face.utilities.Constants
com/example/face2face/databinding/ItemContainerUserBinding.java
 com.example.face2face.databinding.ItemContainerUserBinding
com/example/face2face/databinding/ActivitySignInBinding.java
 com.example.face2face.databinding.ActivitySignInBinding
com/example/face2face/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.face2face.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/face2face/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.face2face.BuildConfig
com/example/face2face/activities/SignUpActivity.java
 com.example.face2face.activities.SignUpActivity
 com.example.face2face.activities.SignUpActivity$1
 com.example.face2face.activities.SignUpActivity$2
 com.example.face2face.activities.SignUpActivity$3
 com.example.face2face.activities.SignUpActivity$4
 com.example.face2face.activities.SignUpActivity$5
com/example/face2face/firebase/MyFirebaseMessagingService.java
 com.example.face2face.firebase.MyFirebaseMessagingService
com/example/face2face/models/User.java
 com.example.face2face.models.User
com/example/face2face/databinding/ActivityOutgoingInvitationBinding.java
 com.example.face2face.databinding.ActivityOutgoingInvitationBinding
com/example/face2face/listeners/UsersListener.java
 com.example.face2face.listeners.UsersListener
com/example/face2face/firebase/MessagingService.java
 com.example.face2face.firebase.MessagingService
com/example/face2face/network/ApiService.java
 com.example.face2face.network.ApiService
com/example/face2face/activities/IncomingInvitationActivity.java
 com.example.face2face.activities.IncomingInvitationActivity
 com.example.face2face.activities.IncomingInvitationActivity$1
 com.example.face2face.activities.IncomingInvitationActivity$2
 com.example.face2face.activities.IncomingInvitationActivity$3
 com.example.face2face.activities.IncomingInvitationActivity$4
com/example/face2face/activities/OutgoingInvitationActivity.java
 com.example.face2face.activities.OutgoingInvitationActivity
 com.example.face2face.activities.OutgoingInvitationActivity$1
 com.example.face2face.activities.OutgoingInvitationActivity$1$1
 com.example.face2face.activities.OutgoingInvitationActivity$2
 com.example.face2face.activities.OutgoingInvitationActivity$2$1
 com.example.face2face.activities.OutgoingInvitationActivity$3
 com.example.face2face.activities.OutgoingInvitationActivity$4
com/example/face2face/adapters/UsersAdapter.java
 com.example.face2face.adapters.UsersAdapter
 com.example.face2face.adapters.UsersAdapter$UserViewHolder
 com.example.face2face.adapters.UsersAdapter$UserViewHolder$1
 com.example.face2face.adapters.UsersAdapter$UserViewHolder$2
 com.example.face2face.adapters.UsersAdapter$UserViewHolder$3
 com.example.face2face.adapters.UsersAdapter$UserViewHolder$4
com/example/face2face/utilities/PreferenceManager.java
 com.example.face2face.utilities.PreferenceManager
com/example/face2face/databinding/ActivitySignUpBinding.java
 com.example.face2face.databinding.ActivitySignUpBinding
com/example/face2face/databinding/ActivityIncomingInvitationBinding.java
 com.example.face2face.databinding.ActivityIncomingInvitationBinding
com/example/face2face/activities/MainActivity.java
 com.example.face2face.activities.MainActivity
 com.example.face2face.activities.MainActivity$1
 com.example.face2face.activities.MainActivity$10
 com.example.face2face.activities.MainActivity$2
 com.example.face2face.activities.MainActivity$3
 com.example.face2face.activities.MainActivity$4
 com.example.face2face.activities.MainActivity$5
 com.example.face2face.activities.MainActivity$6
 com.example.face2face.activities.MainActivity$7
 com.example.face2face.activities.MainActivity$8
 com.example.face2face.activities.MainActivity$9
com/example/face2face/activities/SignInActivity.java
 com.example.face2face.activities.SignInActivity
 com.example.face2face.activities.SignInActivity$1
 com.example.face2face.activities.SignInActivity$2
 com.example.face2face.activities.SignInActivity$3
